feat(metadata): adding HomeSeo and generateMetas migration (#724)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/api-reference/front-commerce-remix/generate-metas.mdx

---
title: "generateMetas"
sidebar_position: 3
description: "Generate Meta tags for your Front-Commerce site."
---

The `generateMetas` helper will generate metadatas for your site.

The main features of this helper are :

- Merge metadata with parents Metadata (defined in the parent routes /
  `root.tsx`)
- Will allow easier canonical generation

> :::tip
> We highly recommand you to use this helper as it will make your life
> easier when playing with nested routes. However you can still use the
> [standard Remix Meta method](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/meta-v2)
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
We highly recommend you to use this helper as it will make your life
easier when using nested routes. However you can still use the
[standard Remix Meta method](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/meta-v2)
:::
```

## Usage

> - The first parametes takes a [Remix V2 Meta Function](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/meta-v2#meta-function-parameters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first parameter is a [Remix V2 Meta Function](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/route/meta-v2#meta-function-parameters)
```

- The second parameter is the canonical path (base url will be automatically injected)

```jsx
import generateMetas from "@front-commerce/remix/generateMetas";

> export const meta: V2_MetaFunction = (args: any) => {

Reviewer 2: Why are `args` typed as `any`?

Reviewer 2: Doing that you loose all the typed data from `v2_MetaFunction` 

![image](https://github.com/front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com/assets/39598117/7067dc23-b16f-4895-8242-77f824b63040)
